Those issues which are not at all there
in animals are there in human beings.
For an animal there
is no question of any issue,
He just exists.
the power which is behind his existence
He has no issue with that.
that, ‘which is the power behind
my existence’, he is not even concerned
The reason for that is
This Chaitanya Shakti.
Because this
creates the whole universe and sustains it,
And organizes it.
It flows through living
creatures and passes through them.
Because
of a particular reason in a human being
and because
concerning of his particular way of life,
Some such creations are resulted, that
Human gets disconnected with that power.
If  we understand this
In simple words it can be said that
the ego which human beings have,
That’s not there in animals.
his is mental defeat of human being
That’s a lot different.
His brain is of triangular shape.
And in this Triangle
When this power
At the time a foetus is of 3
months in his mother’s womb
this power enters through inside and then
A refraction, as is
called in English ‘merger’
Called decentralization.
it is divided into three parts.
One part goes down directly through
the middle of back side of forehead.
and remaining two
parts go down through the two angles
Passing through bottom
And takes turn to go to back side.
It is because
of these three type of powers only a man
Looks elevated compared to an animal.
This power which
passes in the brain through triangle
and it passes through
one angle of triangle,
then it also develops another angle.
And because of that particular angle
its powers changes in two forms.
If you people
are from physics then you will understand
that power always
passes in a straight line.
But when it comes to this side passing
through like this then it seems like that,
it is changing form
divides it in two
powers which are called as components.
One goes outside like this and other goes
down like that.
It is only because of
the force that goes outside; man gets
a feeling of looking outside.
there is an animal,
if he comes and sits on a stool
then he will think of sitting on a stool.
But if a man sits on a stool
then he will think how
I would own this stool,
where did it come from, who made this?
Who has made it?
Whatever he sees, he gets involved into it.
If he sees any
human being then he gets involved in him.
This is not a case in
an animal. He just lives.
If his master comes then he becomes happy.
If any stranger comes
then he starts barking.
If any thief
comes then he starts barking at him.
He does not think of having it
this mike I should take.
I would get this table.
It is called possession.
He does not get that thought.
He does not even
have appreciation of beauty.
He does not
think if something is beautiful or ugly.
Its color is good or bad.
He is just not bothered.
But man
gets involved in any particular thing.
He goes further
and starts thinking
that “I am something,
I have my identity
I have my power;
and I am something special”.
Like, as we are born, we start thinking
that, I am Nirmala;
I am Hindustani
We are Hindu, Muslim, Christian.
That is how we get entangled with whatever
type of outside identification we have.
This type of tendency of going outside
Attributed to Man’s triangular Brain.
It’s the result of this shape of brain.
If man does not go outside
then, there would be no further problem.
Like, cats and dogs have no such question.
The entire
consciousness passes through them and
goes downwards. There is no question
before them.
There is no reaction in their souls.
But we do have.
Whenever we look
at anything we have our reaction to it.
Therefore within us
One power, originating from front
and the other coming from back
With in
Ego and super ego are just its reaction.
ego and super ego
are formed and gathered here.
Due to assembling of these,
we are separated from
everywhere/ completely.
On all around our sides
The Power that resides,
We are bound with that power.
We got separated. You got separated
You got separated, you got separated.
you can see many things,
If you dont get microscope,
and if anybody bows down before me then,
but you can see her
getting up and down here
You can see throbbing for a long time.
What problems he has in his body,
The rising path of Kundalini is fixed,
There is a big space in between;
There is nothing between Vagus nerve
When this Kundalini shakti rises,
And again it goes up through this path
First, it was filled within us
Now to fill new petrol again,
From above, the Shakti (power) flows
the gross
power and Chaitanya (vibratory) power
there is a
light that is why it is being nourished.
You are watching only the growth of tree
It is the Chaitanya
shakti (vibratory power) which
when flow is opened
from above and it start coming from inside.
But you, yourself reach that state
And has come today
may be to get Sahaja Yoga,
Those persons who are Realized
because they know
but there was nobody to tell
Very few people have written
And the biggest wonder is that
But those who claim themselves to be
Adi Shankaracharya has talked
God is not
achieved either by sankhya or yoga,
He had said that there were
Those who have not yet developed
For example, this mike is not yet
there is no need to connect it to the mains
Such types of people remain submerged
Second type of people are those
they are stuck, by reason of which
These types
of people should get into yoga so that
Now the only
difference between him and me is that
and I say,  thousands in millions.
May be possible that there used
I see there are thousands of them
You must have read a lot about
If you have read those books
Because there are such things said
Some people say that person
But actually these people what
This is not awakening of Kundalini,
Since Kundalini is only awakened
who, totally
in the form of vibrations of the God,
Only that person can only fill the space,
Only those people can be called Realized,
When these people give Realisation to you
Then you will never see
Now thousands of people have got
and three to four thousand
But we have never seen any man
Yes, of course, somewhat resistance,
because as from here we are loving you,
may give you some trouble
but that also get destroyed soon
and that too runs away.
Because when it sees that
the darkness run away
after seeing the light.
But so far now we have not seen
Or got pimples, or having gone mad
Just a few
days back we went somewhere. There
He was asked not to sit like this.
Then I asked, Why? He said my Guru
Then we told him that
you are not yet awakened.
Because of exhaustion of these nadis
And whatever work you do
if you put on a heater
See what will be the conditiond.
First let that be filled
with water of love.
Unless and until there is
addition
Of water of love in it.
Until then that work won’t be done.
That very
moment our this system, this sympathetic
With the increase of your acting power,
And if your Pingala nadi runs excessively
All the things will enter in to you,
that then you just do not act. As if now
except for it is enabling my voice
In the same way you become a hollow thing.
gets established by
Mother is already sitting in you.
Many people say that
and those people who have
in these people Kundalini do not rise
and this excessive heat
Now there are many
You cannot do anything
cannot do any living work.
Cats and dogs do
not think t h a t w a y .
We can only do what is a dead work.
For example, when a tree falls,
you make pillar out of it and erect it.
All are dead things.
not a single thing is living.
And electricity and light that you have,
Or light and all these electricity etc.,
means that you cannot make
Compared to that what your power
Very powerful and in front of that
What can you do to pull
except that to exhaust the magnetic
and he does not. It is an illusion,
Both get created and
In reality, God has
These are always seen to us
He knows minute to minute thing,
When you come to Kundalini
How great thing he has said
This you can see in your Kundalini
that your Kundalini itself
God knows, in how many issues you are lost.
You might
be in your previous life be a Muslim,
at least it should be acceptable Hindus
The thing that you might be hating
Because that time you used to hate
so may be that you have now got
What you call hatred, think
If in previous life
Then in this life, its not necessary
If this finger believes or not,
the power that is running through it,
Whatever it is telling, whatever it is
Once, Shri Radha got jealous
asked Shri Krishna what is so special
about this flute
She went to flute and asked, what is your
the flute replied,
Oh, mad, you do not even know that
I have become totally hollow.
Then, Its said
that Shri Radha asked Shri Krishna
But becoming hollow does not mean
that you would
get rid of doing your job. Many people
But people say that
this is our responsibility.
But if any senseless person is there,
that there are pillars to support the roof.
till there is ignorance man
And if I get into this trouble then
In reality, you can do work with perfection
Because your inner power is so
That no sooner it starts
flowing through you,
People will be amazed to see
Now here is Miss. Maniklal.
that she herself says that I think,
Those people who
could not even write a simple poem,
Absolutely simple, such that
After that when she became realized,
the moment when he become a witness,
his thousand hands are there around you,
You do not understand how the things are
Such wonderful things start happening
that how this thing has worked out,
But the vision of man must not be on that,
kindly awaken our Kundalini
In reality you become completely powerless,
The power of God gets flowed
are surrendered to him
The essence of whatever has been described
which may be called as spontaneous growth
He was wandering thousands of places here
getting tired laying down his
somehow instantly at that very moment,
and from below the
Kundalini strike down his Sahasrara
Nobody has ever got Realisation
then we left that place in Delhi.
to shift to Delhi.Then after
That we went here to there, then from there
People said Sahib this is here itself
That they first went there, then from there
The mess, that resulted in that travelling
But the one who has got it
The best example of this is
when his
Kundalini was awakened. While writing
and when he was realized by that time his
That time he took to Samadhi. Because
Attained this. Now
that so much is written down,
The entire quest might be lost;
Kundilini is always with you
Then his Kundalini says, ok
Seeks solace in one power;
Then he seeks power, then
dharma is also outside us. Our
The entire thing is that of inside.
That is why he seeks outside,
But the essence of all
Those who are realized, all such
He says, why to go to forest
Like fragrance in a flower
It is just like if a doctor has
for your headache and you are cramming,
By seeking within means
All those of who are sitting here you
it is the seeking of thousands of years
Because of that you get your own right.
Like you go to a bank and you get
If we do not give you your Self-realisation
Whatever you are getting,
Your Kundalini knows you.
that when in your freedom
we want absolute that very day
If you have any question
about your Kundalini,
Once you are realized
But just by their one
glance their Kundalini
Their own attachment to God,
he never sees that in his ego.
because whenever he gives he says
Even if it is your son, you cannot say
When he gets it, then it is known
Such vibrations start coming from inside.
No politics can be considered,
no pressure can be considered.
no relation can work,
which can be called as myth
But still you should keep
That in Human being ego is
That the moment I say this
If I say that stand upside down,
But the thing, which is free to get
and which is achieved without any effort,
Because he has a
and he does not know
that if he moves his finger
and if he wants
that he can lit the lamp in
the small-small particles of this creation.
unless and until there is experience
Are you coming!